Do some research about the different approaches to deployment. What
are the pros and cons of each? When would you use each approach?
+ Answer the following scenarios:
- A second-hand book shop is converting from a paper system to
digital, and they've asked you to develop their catalogue software.
After finishing, how do you deploy it and why?
Direct Deployment: Because it is a new system that is being created, direct deployment is used which is
alse known as immediate cutover.
Pros: The deployment is quick and effortless.
Cons: More intense training is needed to teach users how to use the new software.
	  It's more risky if the system fails.

- A large retail chain has asked you to develop a more modern set of
tools for their use, including point-of-sale systems, stock records,
and customer service systems. After finishing, how do you deploy it
and why?
Phased Deployment: The old system is kept in use until all the new set of tools have been 
systematically implemented  and then only is the old system switched off.
Pros: Users are not affected by the changes as only small parts of the system is replaced at a time.
Issues around scalability can be addressed without major impact on the users and the system.
Cons: This method causes that the total deployment of the system takes more time.
	  There is a small chance of data loss if part of the new system fails.

- You have developed an alternate fire alarm system for a large
shopping centre. This system's reliability is of utmost importance.
After finishing, how do you deploy it and why?
Parallel Deployment: As reliability is of utmost importance, the old system is
kept in place while there is a transition to the new system. The old system serves as
backup in order to ensure that the critical operations are still being managed while
the rollout of the new software is taking place.
Pros: The old system can act as a benchmark for the new system in terms of reliability, 
processing accuracy and processing speed, and the correctness of the results from the new system.
Cons: Some processes may be have to be duplicated on both systems in order to ensure that the 
programs run independently from one another. 
