What are the differences between supervised and unsupervised machine
learning? Explain what you think semi-supervised machine learning is.
1- Unsupervised learning: trains on unlabeled data. The algorithm scans sets of data for meaningful connections.
2- Supervised learning: uses labeled data and define the variables the data scientist wants to assess for correlation.
Semi-supervised learning: The data scientists uses a mix of the unsupervised and supervised learning types. It normally 
combines a small amount of labeled data with a large amount of unlabeled data.

- Write a paragraph on Machine Learning. Try to use your own words
(about 8 sentences)
Machine Learning is software's ability to analyze stored information  (historical data)
and compare the information in part or as a whole, and derive calculated 
conclucions from algorithms.
From these conclusions, predictions can be
made which the software can use to highlight possible changes in the 
current markets for instance.
The software in turn, and in real-time, take all
the new information that had been received and re-evaluate the predicted outcome
and repeats the process over again. 
The interesting fact is that the software applications are designed in
such a way that it makes these predictions without human intervention.
Machine learning can be categorized into 4 different types of approaches:
1- Unsupervised learning: trains on unlabeled data. The algorithm scans sets of data for meaningful connections.
2- Supervised learning: uses labeled data and define the variables the data scientist wants to assess for correlation.
3- Semi-supervised learning: The data scientists uses a mix of the unsupervised and supervised learning types
4- Reinforcement learning: the software completes a multi-step process for which there are clearly defined rules.


- Write a paragraph on Supervised Learning. Try to use your own
words (about 5 sentences). Also, list at least 4 models in Supervised
Learning.
-Supervised Learning maps input to an output based on example input-output pairs and each example is a pair consisting 
of an input object (a.k.a vector) and a desired output value 
(a.k.a supervisory signal).
There are 2 types of supervised learning: regression and classification,
The supervised algorithm analyzes the labeled training data from various data training sets and produces a generalized
function which can be used for generating/mapping future examples.
There are 4 major issues to take note of.
1. Bias-variance tradeoff
2. Function complexity and amount of training data
3. Dimensionality of the input space
4. Noise in the output values
4 Supervised learning models: linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, k-nearest neighbor algorithm

- Write a paragraph on Unsupervised Learning. Try to use your own
words (about 5 sentences). Also, list at least 2 models in
Unsupervised Learning.
-Unsupervised learning is an algorithm that learns patterns from untagged data, making use of mimicry to generate new content
based on a compact internal representation of the environment the machine is a part of.
-Unsupervised learning methods makes use of self-organization that captures patterns as probability densities, 
or a combination of neural feature preferences.
2 Unsupervised learning models: Probabilistic and neural networks methods

- Write a paragraph on 1 interesting trend in Artificial Intelligence
that interests you. E.g. self-driving cars, music production, voice
recognition, handwritten signature verification, computational
biology, etc

Self-driving cars is definitely a technological advancement to look forward to, to the day that all cars are no longer
controlled by humans and the road accident rate is almost non-existent. We are still a few years away from that day,
but the possibility is slowly becoming a reality. 
