
Go to this website. Do you think the website has a good UI? Why or why
not? Refer to the information given in the task and discuss both good and
bad elements in the website’s UI.

This website does not have a great user interface according to today's standards.
The website was designed with a very select audience in mind, being radiographers. 
Good elements:
It contains all the information required in order to allow the user to gain the necessary knowledge of the products which the company are selling.
The customers are welcomed to a list of links to popular products that's on sale.
The website is easy to navigate for experienced users and users have grown accustomed to the same user interface since its inception in 1997.
The website is extremely cost-effective to maintain.

Bad elements:
The website is not secure. On practically any other website this might be considered a problem, but because there is no login page there is no need to
have the website secured.
The pictures are not of equal proportions.
Too much whitespace make the site look unappealing. 
The users cannot make online payments
The menu list does not appear on the index page, it makes it therefore difficult to see what all products are on sale.
There is no information available regarding the directors
The text colors are conflicting with the background colours which makes the text hard to read at times

Now go to this website. Do you think the website has a good UI? Why or
why not? Refer to the information given in the task and discuss both good
and bad elements in the website’s UI.
The website has a good user interface.

This website was designed to cater for a large audience and modernised its look to fit in with the colour schemes and shapes that are prevalent in today's society.

Good elements:
The user interface comes across as stylish and balanced in terms of font usage and picture sizes.
The website does not appear to be overcrowded as there is plenty of whitespace 
	
Bad elements:
The part of the menu that is not in view are difficult to reach as there is no slider bar that allows the user to scroll down , 
for instance where a notebook mousepad is the only means to scroll up or down it is practically impossible to traverse the page.
This website is much more expensive to maintain in comparison to the previous one as a graphic designer was/is involved.