 Consider the following statement of requirements for part of a
ticket-issuing system:

An automated ticket-issuing system sells rail tickets. 
Users select their destination and input a credit card and a personal identification number.
The rail ticket is issued and their credit card account charged. 
When the user presses the start button, a menu display of potential destinations is activated, along with a message to the user to select a destination. 
Once a destination has been selected, users are requested to input their credit card. 
Its validity is checked and the user is requested to input a personal identifier. 
When the credit transaction has been validated, the ticket is issued.

Based on this:

? Discuss any ambiguities or omissions in the statement of
requirements for the part of a ticket-issuing system.
+ The order in which the process should take place is not correct. The order of events should be as follows including ommissions: 

++An automated ticket-issuing system sells rail tickets.  
++When the user presses the start button, a menu display of potential destinations is activated, along with a message to the user to select a destination.
++Users select their destination and input  the number of seats or compartments they wish to book.
** Users are requested to input a credit card number, the expiry date and a personal identification number.
++Its validity is checked and the user is requested to input a personal identifier. 
++When the credit transaction has been validated, the their credit card account is charged.
++Once the payment was successfully completed, the rail ticket is issued
**The user receives a notification via email of the transaction details that serve as backup should the user lose the ticket.
**The user presses the close icon in the top right-hand corner of the window and the program closes.

? Write a set of non-functional requirements for the ticket-issuing
system above. You are free to make assumptions regarding the
system based on ambiguities or omissions you identified previously.

Non-functional requirements: Characteristics of the system as a
whole, including its constraints, but excluding the activities covered in
the functional requirements.
Usability: These requirements describe operational characteristics related to
users, such as the user interface, related work procedures, online help, and
documentation.
Reliability: These requirements describe the dependability of a system. In
other words, reliability is to do with how a system detects and recovers from
such behaviours as service outages and incorrect processing.
Performance: These requirements describe operational characteristics
related to measures of workload, such as throughput and response time.
Security: These requirements describe how access to the application will be
controlled and how data will be protected during storage and transmission.

FURPS+ is an extension of FURPS that adds additional categories — all of which
are summarised by the plus sign. Below is a short description of each additional
category:
Design constraints: These describe restrictions to which the hardware and
software must adhere.
Implementation requirements: These describe constraints such as
required programming languages and tools, documentation methods and
level of detail, and a specific communication protocol for distributed
components
Interface requirements: These describe interactions among systems.
Physical requirements: These describe the characteristics of the hardware
such as size, weight, power consumption, and operating conditions.
Supportability requirements: These describe how a system is installed,
configured, monitored, and updated.

