Poised Engineering is a program to allow the company to capture vital business information in order to manage projects that have been assigned to the company.
The software will allow the user to:
1: View all unfinished projects
2: View projects past their due date
3: Contractor options
4: Architect options
5: Client Options
6: Project Options
7: Invoice Options
8: Receive Payment
0: Close the program

The user starts by executing the PoisedEngineering.java file, and the rest of the files are part of the program.


- 1: View all unfinished projects
+	the user selects this option and a list of all the unfinished projects are displayed.

- 2: View projects past their due date
+	The user selects this option and a list of all the unfinished and overdue projects are displayed. 

- 3: Contractor options
+	The user selects this option and an additional set of contractor options become available to the user. The user enters the contractor code in order to view 
		1: New Contractor - The user can add a new contractor record
		2: Update Contractor Details - The user can update an existing contractor record
		3: Search for Contractor - The user can search for an existing contractor record
		4: Archive Contractor - The user can archive an existing contractor record
		0: Back to Main Menu - This option takes the user ack to the main menu
- 4: Architect options
+	The user selects this option and an additional set of architect options become available to the user.
		1: New Architect - The user can add a new architect record
		2: Update Architect Details - The user can update an existing architect record
		3: Search for Architect - The user can search for an existing architect record
		4: Archive Architect - The user can archive an existing architect record
		0: Back to Main Menu - This option takes the user ack to the main menu
- 5: Client Options
+	The user selects this option and an additional set of client options become available to the user.
		1: New Client - The user can add a new client record
		2: Update Client Details  - The user can update an existing client record
		3: Search for a Client  - The user can search for an existing client record
		4: Archive Client - The user can archive an existing client record
		0: Back to Main Menu - This option takes the user ack to the main menu
- 6: Project Options
+	The user selects this option and an additional set of project options become available to the user.
		1: New Project  - The user can add a new project record
		2: Finalize Project - The user can mark an existing project as finalized
		3: Update Project - The user can update an existing project record
		4: Search for Project  - The user can search for an existing project record
		5: Receive Payment - The user can enter a payment record to an existing project record
		0: Back to Main Menu - This option takes the user ack to the main menu
- 7: Invoice Options
+	The user selects this option and an additional set of invoice options become available to the user.
			1: Create Invoice - The user can add a new invoice record
			2: Cancel Invoice - THe user can mark an existing record as cancelled
			3: Search for Invoice  - The user can search for an existing invoice record
			4: Back to Main Menu - This option takes the user ack to the main menu
- 8: Receive Payment
+	The user selects this option and can make a payment towards a project.
	
- 0: Close the program
+	The user selects this option to close the program.